docs: improve plugins installation instructions (#119)
containers/nri-plugins: docs/resource-policy/installation.md

    - containerD:
        - At least [containerd 1.7.0](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/releases/tag/v1.7.0)
            release version to use the NRI feature
        - Enable NRI feature by following [these](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/docs/NRI.md#enabling-nri-support-in-containerd)
          detailed instructions. You can optionally enable the NRI in containerd using the Helm chart

>           during the chart installation simply by omitting the `nri.patchContainerdConfig` parameter.

Reviewer: omitting?

          For instance,

          ```sh
          helm install topology-aware --namespace kube-system --set nri.patchContainerdConfig=true deployment/helm/resource-management-policies/topology-aware/
          ```

>           Dropping `nri.patchContainerdConfig` parameter, will create an init container to turn on

Reviewer: nit: at a quick read I read this like "if you remove nri.patchContainerdConfig it will create the init container..."
```suggestion
          Enabling `nri.patchContainerdConfig` creates an init container to turn on
```
